Update README.md (#49)
surrealdb/surrealdb: README.md

docker run --pull --rm -p 8000:8000 surrealdb/surrealdb:latest start
```

> If you expect errors like `No such image: surrealdb/surrealdb:latest` please try to `pull` the latest image first.

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be "experience" not "expect"?

Author: ```suggestion
If you experience errors like `No such image: surrealdb/surrealdb:latest` please try to just `pull` the latest image first.
```
